Add the 'Getting Started with TabPanel' tutorial (#2200)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TabPanel/01 Getting Started with TabPanel/30 Specify View Content.md

You can use the following properties to specify tab content:       

> - [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#itemTemplate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following properties to specify view content:       

- [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#itemTemplate)     
```

> Specifies a custom template for content of all TabPanel views.

Reviewer: "A template for all views" and "a template for content of all view" say the same thing.

```suggestion
Specifies a custom template for all views.
```

- **items[]**.[text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTabPanel/Configuration/items/#text)        

> Specifies text displayed in a separate view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies text displayed in an individual view. 
```

- **items[]**.[template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTabPanel/Configuration/items/#template)        

> Allows you to set a custom template for a separate view's content. This property overrides **itemTemplate**.

Reviewer: It should be next to itemTemplate.

```suggestion
Specifies a custom template for an individual view. This property overrides **itemTemplate**.
```

- [noDataText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#noDataText)        
Specifies text or markup to display when views do not have content.

> This tutorial demonstrates the use of the **items[]**.**template** property. This property allows to specify different content for separate views. In the code below, the views contain [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/), [TextArea](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/), and [RadioGroup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRadioGroup/) UI components. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates the use of the **items[]**.**template** property. This property allows you to specify different content for individual views. In the code below, the views contain the [Form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/), [TextArea](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/), and [RadioGroup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRadioGroup/) UI components. 
```

                    [(value)]="employeeData.roles[0]">
                </dx-radio-group>
            </div>
        </dxi-item>
    </dx-tab-panel>

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
    import { Component } from '@angular/core';

    @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
    })
    export class AppComponent {
        employeeData = {
            name: 'John Heart',
            position: 'CEO',
            hireDate: new Date(2012, 4, 13),
            officeNumber: 901,
            notes: 'John has been in the Audio/Video industry since 1990. He has led DevAV as its CEO since 2003.',
            roles: ['Chief Officer', 'Administrator', 'Manager']
        }
    }

    <!-- tab: app.module.ts -->
    import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
    import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
    import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

    import { DxTabPanelModule } from 'devextreme-angular';
    import { DxFormModule } from 'devextreme-angular/ui/form';
    import { DxTextAreaModule } from 'devextreme-angular/ui/text-area';

>     import { DxRadioGroupModule } from 'devextreme-angular/ui/radio-group';

Reviewer: As a rule, we don't use full import paths in Angular.

```suggestion
    import {
        DxTabPanelModule,
        DxFormModule,
        DxTextAreaModule,
        DxRadioGroupModule
    } from 'devextreme-angular';
```

You can use the following properties to specify view content:       

- [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#itemTemplate)     
Specifies a custom template for all views.

- **items[]**.[text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTabPanel/Configuration/items/#text)        
Specifies text displayed in an individual view. 

> - **items[]**.[template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTabPanel/Configuration/items/#template)        

Reviewer: Let's place this after the itemTemplate.
